what's going on YouTube now here we have
some we - GameCube controllers on
basically there are GameCube controllers
that I use on the Wii to play emulators
such as an intended intend to Genesis
Virtual Game Boy Game Boy Color whatever
these work great for emulators on the
Wii so they're basically a week classic
controller but they have a genesis end
so they plug onto the top of the Genesis
and on the top of the Genesis on top of
the Gamecube I'm sorry so these I get
from eBay I believe there are five
dollars or six dollars from hongkong
free shipping so this is my my old one I
have two that I got recently here and
this is how they come they come with the
wires sticking out from the bottom I'm
not sure why they do it like that every
controller I've seen has the cable
coming out of the top so what I do is I
take them I open them up and ivory whop
reroute the cable from the bottom to the
top so what I do is I take the cable out
from here I open it up it's got some
button here which really serves no
purpose so what I do is open it up I
take the cable out of here I put some
hot glue to cover up the hole i route
the cable to here I have to use some
wire cutters so I can clip some plastic
off of here once the cables in there
it's nice and centered I'll put some
more hot glue in there to hold it in
place and now the cable is the way it
should be
so this is how it comes it's got this
button here which really does nothing no
even once you open it up it just does
nothing it's just a dummy button so I'll
just route this cable
and this is one that I opened up this is
actually the the center button there
this button here which is just a dummy
button this is it
it really does nothing nothing is wired
to it so once you open it up that button
is here and it's just sitting in there
in that center piece there so I'll just
unscrew it take it completely off and
I'll use where is it these wire cutters
here and I'll just clip the plastic make
it a little bit bigger so I can fit the
cable in there once it's in there I'll
put some hot glue so it won't look that
bad and I'll take this cable here I'll
just remove it off the sledge I'll route
it up through the center here I'll put
some glue there to hold it in place or
some black electrical tape so I can stay
still and that's pretty much it this
comes right off so it allows you to wrap
the cable through there and once it's
done you just put everything back
together put the screws in put the hot
glue here to cover up the hole put the
hot glue here to hold the cable in place
but hot glue here before you close it to
hold the cable in place then I'll put
some black electrical tape in there just
for the hell of it but yeah at least
these controllers are pretty good there
are I think five or six dollars on eBay
just search we GameCube classic
controllers and they're the ones listed
for or I think it's $4.99 or $5.99
coming out of Hong Kong with Free
Shipping and once you do this wire mod
to it it'll look the way it should look
and they're they're pretty good I mean
they're great if you have your own we
modder then use it for emulators to play
emulators on there as well they're great
it's a good alternative to getting the a
week classic controller which actually
plugs into the Wiimote and then
you know uses the the battery wirelessly
but yeah I like to have it plugged in
and conserve some batteries so that's
pretty much it